# SERVICE AND GUIDELINES

**Equipment:** JLG 450AJ

1. The most important single item in preserving the long service life of a machine is to keep dirt and foreign mate -  rials out of vital components. Shields, covers, seals, and filters are provided to keep air, fuel, and oil supplies clean. These items must be maintained on a schedule to function properly.
2. SERVICE AND GUIDELINES  General  The following information is provided to assist you in use and application of service and maintenance procedures contained in this book.  Safety and Workmanship  Your safety, and that of others, is the first consideration during maintenance of equipment. Always be conscious of weight. Never attempt to move heavy parts without the aid of a mechanical device. Do not allow heavy objects to rest in an unstable position. When raising a portion of the equipment, always provide adequate support.  Cleanliness
3. Clean and inspect all parts during service or mainte -  nance. Ensure passages and openings are unobstructed. Cover all parts to keep them clean. Be sure parts are clean before they are installed. New parts should remain in their containers until ready for use.  Components Removal and Installation
4. Lubricate   new   or   used   serviceable   bearings   before installation. When pressing a bearing into a retainer or bore, apply pressure to the outer race. If bearing is installed on a shaft, apply pressure to the inner race.  Gaskets  Check holes in gaskets align with openings in mating parts.  BLANK GASKETS CAN CAUSE SERIOUS SYSTEM DAMAGE. CUT HOLES IN CORRECT LOCATIONS WHEN FABRICATING GASKETS.  If it becomes necessary to hand-fabricate a gasket, use gasket material or stock of equivalent material and thickness.  Battery  Clean battery using a non-metallic brush and a solution of ba
