# B 5 7 C

**Equipment:** JLG 800S / 860SJ

1. Place the powertrack on a workbench.
2. Start machine and plug in Analyzer.
3. Remove the screws from the flat bar on the other side of the powertrack.
4. Hold the flat bar and remove the screws.
5. Slide the poly roller off of the round bar.
6. Hold the round bar to remove the other screw.
7. POWERTRACK MAINTENANCE One Piece Bracket Maintenance
8. You will hear engine go to 1800 rpm.
9. End cap dowel pins- removal and installation of end cap (sold with seal kit. The seal tool is merely a customized standard flat head- screwdriver. To make this tool you will need to heat the flat end with a torch. Secure the heated end of the screwdriver in a vice and physically bend the heated end to a slight radius. Once the radius is achieved round off all sharp edges of the heated end by using a grinder. There may be some slight modifications for your own personal prefer- ence.  Disassembly
10. Push down with slight pressure on the link and slide the bracket side up and over the extrusion on the link.
11. Engine should again return to idle.
12. Slide the bracket off of the powertrack.  Two Piece Bracket Maintenance
13. At the point when the piston gear teeth come out of engagement with the housing gear teeth, mark the piston and housing with a marker as shown.
14. Remove the weight from the platform.
15. You will hear engine go to 1800 rpm.
16. To remove the main pressure seals (205), it is easi- est to cut them using a sharp razor blade being careful not to damage the seal groove.
17. Remove the thrust washers (304), from the end cap (4) and shaft (2).
18. Engine should again return to idle.
19. Hit ESC to exit.
20. Cycle power to the machine.
