# PINS AND COMPOSITE BEARING REPAIR GUIDELINES

**Equipment:** JLG 800S / 860SJ

2. Filament wound bearings should be replaced if any of the following is observed:  a.   Frayed or separated fibers on the liner surface.  b.   Cracked or damaged liner backing.  c.   Bearings that have moved or spun in their hous- ing.  d.   Debris embedded in liner surface.
3. Pins should be replaced if any of the following is observed (pin should be properly cleaned prior to inspection):  a.   Detectable wear in the bearing area.  b.   Flaking, pealing, scoring, or scratches on the pin surface.  c.   Rusting of the pin in the bearing area.
4. Re-assembly of pinned joints using filament wound bearings.  a.   Housing should be blown out to remove all dirt and debris...bearings and bearing housings must be free of all contamination.  b.   Bearing / pins should be cleaned with a solvent to remove all grease and oil...filament wound bearing are a dry joint and should not be lubri- cated.  c.   Pins should be inspected to ensure it is free of burrs, nicks, and scratches which would dam- age the bearing during installation and opera- tion.  2.6   WELDING ON JLG EQUIPMENT  NOTE:   This instruction applies to repairs, or modifications to the   machine   and   to   welding   performed   from   the machine on an external structure, or component,  Do the Following When Welding on JLG Equipment  • Disconnect the battery. • Disconnect the moment pin connection (where fitted) • Ground only to structure being welded.  Do NOT Do the Following When Welding on JLG Equipment  • Ground on frame and weld on any other area than the chassis. • Ground on turntable and weld on any other area than the turntable. • Ground on the platform/support and weld on any other area than the platform/support. • Ground on a specific boom section and weld on any other area than that specific boom section. • Allow pins, wear pads, wire ropes, bearings, gearing, seals, valves, electrical wiring, or hoses to be between the grounding position and the welded area.  FAILURE TO COMPLY WITH THE ABOVE REQUIREMENTS MAY RESULT IN COMPONENT DAMAGE (I.E. ELECTRONIC MODULES, SWING BEARING, COLLECTOR RING, BOOM WIRE ROPES ETC.)  Table 2-2. Cylinder Drift  Cylinder Bore Diameter   Max. Acceptable Drift in 10 Minutes inches   mm   inches   mm  3   76.2   0.026   0.66  3.5   89   0.019   0.48  4   101.6   0.015   0.38  5   127   0.009   0.22  6   152.4   0.006   0.15  7   177.8   0.005   0.13  8   203.2   0.0038   0.10  9   228.6   0.0030
5. PINS AND COMPOSITE BEARING REPAIR GUIDELINES  Filament wound bearings.
5. PINS AND COMPOSITE BEARING REPAIR GUIDELINES  Filament wound bearings.
