# DRIVE MOTOR (S/N 83331 TO PRESENT) Description

**Equipment:** JLG 800S / 860SJ

1. Remove the snap ring (1) retaining the shaft seal and support washer.
2. Remove the support washer (2).
3. Carefully pry out the shaft seal (3). To avoid damaging the shaft during removal, install a large sheet metal screw into the chuck of a slide hammer. Drive the screw into the seal surface and use the slide hammer to pull the seal.
4. DRIVE MOTOR (S/N 83331 TO PRESENT) Description  The drive motors are low to medium power, two-position axial piston motors incorporating an integral servo piston. They are designed for operation in both open and closed circuit applications. The standard control is a direct acting single line hydraulic control. The integral servo piston con- trols motor displacement. The motors are spring biased to maximum displacement and hydraulically shifted to minimum displacement. Mini- mum and maximum displacement can be set with fixed internal stops. The large diameter servo piston allows smooth acceleration and deceleration with relatively large circuit orificing.  Shaft Seal Replacement  REMOVAL
5. Remove the installation sleeve.  Bias spring   Servo piston Swashplate Output Shaft Piston   Slipper Cylinder Block Endcap Shaft Seal Bearing Minimum Angle Stop Valve plate  Figure 3-3. Drive Motor Cross Section  1 2 3
6. Remove shift spool (12).
7. Remove orifice poppet (13).  INSPECT THE COMPONENTS  Inspect new O-rings and the sealing area for rust, wear, or contamination. Also check springs and poppet for wear.  INSTALLATION
13. Troubleshooting  Table 3-2. Excessive Noise and/or Vibration  Item   Description   Action  Check oil level in reservoir and oil supply to the motor. Insufficient hydraulic fluid could lead to cavitation that would cause system noise. Fill the reservoir to the proper level and ensure that oil supply to the motor is adequate and the lines are unobstructed. Check for air in the system.   Air trapped within the system lines, or the motor itself, could result in cavitation that would cause system noise. Ensure that all of the system lines and components are purged of air. Inspect the output shaft cou- plings. A loose or incorrect shaft coupling will produce vibrations that could result in system noise. Ensure that the correct coupling is used and that it fits properly onto the shaft. Inspect the output shaft alignment. Misaligned shafts create excessive frictional vibration that could result in system noise. Ensure that the shafts are properly aligned. Hydraulic oil viscosity above limits. Viscosity above acceptable limits will result in cavitation that would lead to system noise. Replace hydraulic oil with appropriate fluid for operating condi- tions.  Table 3-3. System Operating Hot  Item   Description   Action  Check oil level in reservoir and oil supply to the pump. Insufficient amount of hydraulic fluid will not meet the cooling demands of the system. Fill the reservoir to the proper level. Inspect the heat exchanger, (if so equipped). If the heat exchanger fails, or becomes obstructed, it may not meet the cooling demands of the system. Ensure that heat exchanger is receiving adequate air flow and that the heat exchanger is in good operating condition. Repair or replace as necessary. Check the sy
